We are nearing the end of this course,
our app is taking shape but there is one thing we're not doing that much right now,
handling errors.
Now we're actually not doing it at all you could say but we should definitely do that.
Our app doesn't always behave the way we want it to or even if it does, the user doesn't,
so we want to have something in place which displays some kind of error message, hopefully helpful to
the user whenever something goes wrong
and there are of course all kinds of errors that can happen.
Maybe the user just enters an invalid e-mail password combination,
well that's definitely not the end of the world,
we don't want to break our application because of that.
Maybe the user did do something funky and try to delete that post when he wasn't allowed to.
Well even then it's probably nice to show an error message, even though that probably is a case where
we don't need to provide the best user experience because the user was doing something fishy but still,
let's handle errors and let me show you how you could implement such error handling mechanism in your
Angular MEAN stack app.